TELCODOCS-2045 - Telco core RDS 4.18 docs (#88622)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/telco-core-scheduling.adoc

* No reference design updates in this release

Description::

> The scheduler is a cluster-wide component responsible for selecting the right node for a given workload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The scheduler is a cluster-wide component responsible for selecting the correct node for a given workload.
```

Reviewer 2: Will update style issue at later stage.

> It is a core part of the platform and does not require any specific configuration in the common deployment scenarios.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is a core part of the platform and does not require any specific configuration in the typical deployment scenarios.
```

> However, there are few specific use cases described in the following section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, there are a few specific use cases described in the following section.
```

Reviewer 2: Will update style issue at later stage.

> NUMA-aware scheduling can be enabled through the NUMA Resources Operator.

Reviewer 3: This content renders kind of oddly, in that starting with "NUMA-aware," the content is no longer lined up with the above paragraphs. See the description here: http://88622--ocpdocs-pr.netlify.app/openshift-enterprise/latest/scalability_and_performance/telco_core_ref_design_specs/telco-core-rds.html#telco-core-scheduling_telco-core

For more information, see "Scheduling NUMA-aware workloads".

Limits and requirements::
* The default scheduler does not understand the NUMA locality of workloads.

> It only knows about the sum of all free resources on a worker node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It only knows the sum of all free resources on a worker node.
```

> This might cause workloads to be rejected when scheduled to a node with the topology manager policy set to single-numa-node or restricted.

Reviewer 4: ??
```suggestion
This might cause workloads to be rejected when scheduled to a node with the topology manager policy set to `single-numa-node` or `restricted`.
```

> For more information, see "Topology Manager policies".

Reviewer 3: Missing "Topology Manager Policies" xref, AFAICT.

> ** For example, consider a pod requesting 6 CPUs and being scheduled to an empty node that has 4 CPUs per NUMA node.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
** For example, consider a pod requesting 6 CPUs that is being scheduled to an empty node that has 4 CPUs per NUMA node.
```

> ** For example, consider a pod requesting 6 CPUs that is being scheduled to an empty node that has 4 CPUs per NUMA node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** For example, consider a pod requesting 6 CPUs scheduled to an empty node with 4 CPUs per NUMA node.
```

Reviewer 2: Will update style issue at later stage.

The total allocatable capacity of the node is 8 CPUs. The scheduler places the pod on the empty node.
The node local admission fails, as there are only 4 CPUs available in each of the NUMA nodes.
* All clusters with multi-NUMA nodes are required to use the NUMA Resources Operator.

> See "Installing the NUMA Resources Operator" for more information.

Reviewer 3: I don't see "Installing the NUMA Resources Operator" xref.

Use the `machineConfigPoolSelector` field in the `KubeletConfig` CR to select all nodes where NUMA aligned scheduling is required.

> * All machine config pools mux`st have consistent hardware configuration.

Reviewer 4: ??
```suggestion
* All machine config pools must have consistent hardware configuration.
```

For example, all nodes are expected to have the same NUMA zone count.

Engineering considerations::
* Pods might require annotations for correct scheduling and isolation.

> For more information about annotations, see "CPU partitioning and performance tuning".

Reviewer 3: This is technically on this page, but if you wanted, you could add an xref in the additional resources section for "CPU partitioning and performance tuning". Thast's probably not necessary, though, since they can use CTRL+F to find it.

> * You can configure SR-IOV virtual function NUMA affinity to be ignored during scheduling by using the excludeTopology field in `SriovNetworkNodePolicy` CR.

Reviewer 4: I'm for leaving the markup as the word is a  [system item](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#quick-markup-reference).

```suggestion
* You can configure SR-IOV virtual function NUMA affinity to be ignored during scheduling by using the `excludeTopology` field in `SriovNetworkNodePolicy` CR.
```
